hello everyone its Elena and today I'll
be showing you guys my dorm room now as
you may know I'm a student at the
University of Cambridge and I'm going to
st. John's College and this year I got a
really really cool room like I'm super
super grateful for this room and I'm
just going to show you guys how I
decorated it and yep where it looks
right now I think I'm gonna leave the
decoration like this for the rest of the
year but yeah I might change some line
of things but I think that's pretty much
the final product at least from what I
can say now if you guys would like to
know what my room looked like before I
decorated it then please hit the button
up there and it's going to take you to
my moving blog where I showed you guys
the room before I did anything to it so
yeah but whatever do let's get started
so this is what my room looks like when
you walk inside and I'm just gonna give
you guys a detailed tour off the
different parts of my room so let's get
started with the desk so here I have
this board down near under a shelf and I
found that to be super useful
I just put my timetable up there so that
I always know you know what is going on
in a week like those art of things which
are just set for every week and then I
have my calendar down here where I also
put down meetings and staff which aren't
on the timetable because they just you
know happen every once in a while and
then here I have my little postcard
which I actually also had at my door I'm
back in my boarding school in Hong Kong
if you guys want to see what my dorm
looked like hit the button in the info
box and it's gonna take you to my dorm
tour and then here have this thing where
I usually put a book while I'm reading
it and taking notes on it but sometimes
I put my iPad there just so it's easier
to read and then I have a few ideas for
my blog and this thing I found super
super useful I just put down a color
code and you know some science that I
used in my readings so by doing that
your readings all use the same signs and
it's just super useful because you
always know what you meant by using the
different colors and then I have a few
contact details for some teachers and a
quote which I really like and yeah let's
move up here I have a few pens my water
bottle and then all my deadlines for
essays which I find super useful just
write down because then you can always
take off an essay when you did it and it
shows you how far you already are in the
year which is crazy because it goes
super fast and then here I just have um
like basically a lot of postage
just you know random papers so I could
take notes whenever I need to and yeah
that's pretty much just what it looks
like and then up here I have my agenda
where I keep my to-do lists and then my
little motivational jar which I actually
brought with me from Hong Kong because I
just really loved the idea of having
this jar because whenever I'm not
feeling that motivated I just take out
one of the quotes which I wrote in here
and it just really helps and then here I
just have a ton of paper clips and stuff
and in this one as well and then here's
just one of my beauty bags and then two
candles and a decoration element so I
actually have these elements on my wall
as well and you can put two of them
together with clips that come with them
and then you can make shapes like this
one and I just found that to be a good
so they're shame for what to put in
there so I just put here but I put most
of them up on the wall and you just put
them up with some little clips I hope
you can see this in a video and they
just add some stickers to it and then it
sticks to the wall
it's super easy to install if you guys
want to know where I got these things
and all the other stuff in my room I'm
gonna link as much as I can so just
check the infobox for the links and you
will find them there and then here is my
jewelry tree where I keep all my rings
and then here's some tea and yeah my
phone and then down here I usually keep
the book that I'm reading at the moment
because it's just super useful you know
when you want to read before you go to
bed and it's just right there and also
down here under my desk I have this
little basket and I keep all my cables
in there and it looks super messy if you
look inside but actually if you look at
it like from hundreds of desk it looks
actually quite tidy and that's why I use
the basket like this just to you know
not make it look as messy under my desk
and yeah so this is the wall that's
above my bed and then here's my bad and
you can see I have two little rabbit
pillows because I'm kind of obsessed
with rabbits because I have a little
white rabbit at home and yeah that's
just what it looks like then here is the
chair that came with my dorm room I
actually had two chairs that I got rid
of one of them because it was just away
so yeah and then here's my first big
shelf so up here I have quite a few
books because I tend to read one book a
week at least so that's why I you know I
just got a few - also like motive ate
myself to read them throughout the term
and then here's my golden pineapple I
don't know why I wanted a golden
pineapple but I just thought it would
look cool and decoration and then here's
just some stuff that I used to do my
makeup and my hair then my earrings are
here some clean eggs and my makeup
brushes and then down here I have my
printer we also have printers in the
university so you don't need to buy your
own printer but I just thought it would
be useful to have my own because I don't
always want to leave my room if I want
to print like free pages and then here's
some more jewelry and some nail polish
and my perfume and yeah that's pretty
much it down there I just store some
office supplies and stuff you know I
don't need it every day but yeah I just
stored there and then here's this fancy
fireplace which I can't use because they
blocked the pot where you actually would
make the fire so I just put up some
fairy lights I really loved them because
they look a little bit like the shapes
that I put up on my wall I thought they
would just match my room perfectly and
then now Neera I just have some of my
shoes and my pink carpet which I love I
had a not-so-nice carpet in my room at
first and I just replaced it with this
one and then up here I have two more
shapes some quotations and a scratch map
and rose gold and I love this thing I
haven't started like actually scratching
away some of the color to show which
places I visited but I think I need to
start doing that but I'm feeling bad for
like ruining the nice color of the map
so I don't know if I'll actually do it
but yeah and then up here I had this
amazing deer hat I'm so glad that I
found this on Amazon like I'm just
obsessed with it I think it looks really
really cool and I just put it up on the
wall with a little command took and then
here we have the second shelf down
there's just some more storage and then
here are just you know some basic office
supplies and then I have this little
basket where I keep all the things that
you know I might need like on a
day-to-day basis like for example here
is like a guide to how to use legal
databases that we use all the time and
stuff so in here is just some really
basic stuff you know that you might need
to access like all the time and then
here is my folder for all on paper and
and flyers and whatever that we get sent
for our pigeon holes and they are not
urgent at all so I just put them in
there I go from this folder every few
days like every three to four days maybe
him and I just check my do I need to
respond to anything right now do I not
and if I don't then to be honest like I
just keep it in there for a little
longer
I find this folder to be a really useful
way of organizing your paper and stuff
because I know that you know if you just
put all the paper and say that could
basket like this it just looks super
messy so I don't really like that and
that's why I love having this folder and
then up here I have all the books for my
courses and they look like a lot but
yeah law is a lot of reading and then
here I have some more post-its and some
more clips and cessful paper and then
some candy to cheer myself up and free
baskets right now they're just sort of a
decoration element because they fit the
color of the deer head and those shapes
on the wall but I do think that you know
once I get more books to read in my free
time I might put some of the books in
these baskets
so that they didn't actually have a
function as well but yeah and then
here's my laundry basket and then here
is my wardrobe which is pretty huge
compared to the Wardrobe that I had in
boarding school and in my wardrobe up
here I actually store my folders because
unfortunately on the shelves that they
have in my room they aren't big enough
for the folders I put up this little
thing here which is super useful because
it just gives you some extra space and
it didn't need to like put as much stuff
on hangers so it fits perfectly with the
space and then down here I have this
little thing and this was actually
supposed to be under my desk I think but
I didn't really like it because I don't
like having stuff under my desk that
takes away a lot of space so I just put
it in my wardrobe and now I just use it
for putting in some shoes and stuff and
I found that to be more useful and to be
honest I didn't my wardrobe so I just
put it there and I have a number of
these baskets and I just use this one to
put my socks in so yeah I think that's a
great way of you know just getting some
extra organization into your wardrobe so
yeah this is what my dorm room looks
like at st. John's College in my first
year and yeah that's my dorm tour
I hope you
join in if you guys have any questions
for me then feel free to drop them in
the comments below or message me for the
contact section of my blog which is
linked below as well thank you guys so
much for watching have a nice day bye